EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/breadcrumbs/breadcrumbs.md

# Breadcrumbs

eZ Commerce supports generation of breadcrumbs throughout the shop.

> In every part of the shop there is at least one generator responsible for creating breadcrumbs. 

Reviewer: I'd write:
"generator that is responsible"

![](../img/breadcrumbs_1.png)

> Breadcrumbs are generated using a general template called from `pagelayout.html.twig`.

Reviewer: I'd write:
"template that is called"

            <div class="columns">
              {% render(controller('SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Breadcrumbs:renderBreadcrumbs')) %}

{% endblock %} 
```

> It uses [schema.org markup](http://schema.org/BreadcrumbList) for generating the HTML tags. 

Reviewer: What is meant by "It" here?

> It uses [schema.org markup](http://schema.org/BreadcrumbList) for generating the HTML tags. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `BreadcrumbList` by [schema.org markup](http://schema.org/BreadcrumbList) is used for generating the HTML tags. 
```

The breadcrumb system uses the [WhiteOctober breadcrumbs bundle](https://github.com/whiteoctober/BreadcrumbsBundle).

## Features

eZ Commerce breadcrumbs support:

- creation of breadcrumbs for catalog elements (e.g. products, categories)
- creation of breadcrumbs for internal shop routes (e.g. my profile, search)
- creation of breadcrumbs for eZ Platform content
- creation of breadcrumbs for special eZ Commerce forms (e.g. contact form)
- different data providers as products may come from different sources
- generation of breadcrumbs for multiple product catalogs
- storage of additional data in `translationParameters`

> - configuration for content Fields that should be used as breadcrumb labels

Reviewer: Should "Fields" be capitalized? I think I have asked this question before.

## Configuration

> You can configure the Fields that should be used as labels for breadcrumb nodes.

Reviewer: should -> are or must?
My guess is that the author actually meant:
``` suggestion
You configure the fields that the breadcrumb support system uses as labels for breadcrumb nodes.
```
